README.md, before:

# README
STAY HOTELS 

1) Integrated Tailwind CSS with Ruby on Rails
2) Integrated Devise Gem with Navbar for the user
3) Integrated Hotwire for user profile downdown and selection process
4) Integrated User Login Signup Forget Password pages with responsive navbar
5) Integrated Property Model with front page after login
6) Integrated Faker and Money Gem for property model with validations
7) Integrated Active Storage for images property with improved frontend page
8) Integrated Reviews Model associated with Property Model and also added multiple categories and showed on final averages of each property reviews.
9) Integrated Favorites Model with Property Model and User Model and functionality to mark favorites property.
10)Integrated Reservations Model for booking properties as per availabilites.

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...

Commit message:

15 - Added Facilities and Policy table for properties to show with some UI improvement.

README.md, after:

# README
STAY HOTELS 

1) Integrated Tailwind CSS with Ruby on Rails
2) Integrated Devise Gem with Navbar for the user
3) Integrated Hotwire for user profile downdown and selection process
4) Integrated User Login Signup Forget Password pages with responsive navbar
5) Integrated Property Model with front page after login
6) Integrated Faker and Money Gem for property model with validations
7) Integrated Active Storage for images property with improved frontend page
8) Integrated Reviews Model associated with Property Model and also added multiple categories and showed on final averages of each property reviews.
9) Integrated Favorites Model with Property Model and User Model and functionality to mark favorites property.
10)Integrated Reservations Model for booking properties as per availabilites.
11)Integrated Policies Model and Facility Model for properties to show.

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...
